# What is this my friend?

Lets be clear. If you can do a task in less than 5 minutes why would you even bother in do all this hard work by yourself? This cookie cutter provides you with:
1. Django base project.
2. Docker support.
3. File generation of the .envs for the docker containers.
4. Nginx configuration to serve the media and static files in the production environment.
5. Letsencrypt + Cerbot support out the box to have fully HTTPS support in your production environment.

# Things to take in consideration

- The .envs generated by the template will be in the .gitignore. Those files will be generated but will not be reposited. When you install the app in the server, make sure that you copy the .env files.

- In order to make Letsencrypt generate the certificates it will use a HTTP-01 challenge. In order to configure the pro environment, make sure that the domain configured in the cookicuter is properly configured in the DNS side. You must add A and AAA records in order to make letsencrypt work. If you want to learn more of the challenges that Letsencrypt does, follow this [guide](https://letsencrypt.org/docs/challenge-types/).


# Usage of django-docker-letsencrypt-cookiecutter

To execute the cookiecutter template wizard run:
```
$ pip install cookiecutter
$ cookiecutter https://github.com/adriancast/django-docker-letsencrypt-cookiecutter
```
If you need more information about cookiecutter visit this [oficial guide](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/latest/installation.html).
